Update roadmap timeline & add principles page (#100)
acid-info/waku.org: root-pages/principles.md

Reviewer: Comms Hubs said they'll handle the addition of principles https://discord.com/channels/973324189794697286/1341609609919725621/1346484783491977226

---
title: Principles
displayed_sidebar: null
sidebar_class_name: hidden
pagination_prev: null
pagination_next: null
---

*These principles have been inherited from https://our.status.im/our-principles/. Only minor stylistic changes have been made to them.*

> The goal of Waku is widespread adoption of the decentralised web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of Waku is to widespread the usage of private and censorship-resistant communications.
```

Our challenge is achieving mass adoption while staying true to the principles outlined below.

## I. Liberty

We believe in the sovereignty of individuals.

> As a research organisation that stands for the cause of personal liberty,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a research and development organisation that stands for the cause of personal liberty,
```
